Updating the Transcript Rules (#2064)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/video-transcript-1a02b0.md

## Expectation

The visual information of each test target is available through a text transcript that is [visible][], and is either on the page or in a clearly labeled location.

**Note:** A "text transcript" in the context of this rule is defined in WCAG 2 as an [alternative for time based media](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#dfn-alternative-for-time-based-media).

## Assumptions

> Transcripts need to be available for all users, not just sighted users in order to satisfy WCAG. This rule does not test this, and it needs to be tested separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to satisfy WCAG, transcripts need to be available for all users, not just sighted users. This rule does not test this, and it needs to be tested separately.
```
Same as my similar comment from a minute ago.

> In order to satisfy WCAG, transcripts need to be available for all users, not just sighted users. This rule does not test this, and it needs to be tested separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a transcript is present, it is assumed it is in the accessibility tree. In order to satisfy WCAG, transcripts need to be available for all users, not just sighted users. This rule does not test this, and it needs to be tested separately.
```

## Accessibility Support

There are no accessibility support issues known.

## Background

> Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless it is muted, which makes the rule inapplicable in these browsers. The rule still applies to browsers that autoplay not muted 'video'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless it is muted, which makes the rule inapplicable in these browsers. The rule still applies to browsers that autoplay unmuted 'video'.
```

Author: amending this as got the spell checker unhappy!

> Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless it is muted, which makes the rule inapplicable in these browsers. The rule still applies to browsers that autoplay an audible 'video'.

Reviewer 2: Autoplay isn't in the applicability, so I don't think this is needed.

Author: Amended it to add the definition of the text transcript - as I think this is applicable here.

> It is known that the user can set the browser to prevent autoplay. This rule assumes the browser has not been set to do this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless the 'video' is muted. For these, the rule is never applicable. But for browsers that autoplay not muted video, the rule is still applicable.
```
(but this rule doesn't seem to be about autoplay, so this probably shouldn't even be here in the first place)

> Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless the 'video' is muted. For these, the rule is never applicable. But for browsers that autoplay not muted video, the rule is still applicable.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Some major browsers do not automatically play the 'video' unless it is muted, which makes the rule inapplicable in these browsers. The rule still applies to browsers that autoplay not muted 'video'.
```
Sorry that I skipped this file earlier.

## Expectation

> The visual information of each test target is available through a text transcript that is [visible][], and is either on the page or in a clearly labeled location.

Reviewer 3: Same remarks.

Here also, non-accessible transcript is problematic for screen reader users.

Author: I believe it was due to the fact the transcript might not be included in the current page and therefore not in the accessibility tree.

</html>
```

> [included in the accessibility tree]: #included-in-the-accessibility-tree 'Definition of included in the accessibility tree'

Reviewer 2: I'm not seeing this added back in yet so have unresolved this.
